Sums within a sequence 

Description of the problem
Given a sequence S of N integers (like e.g. 11 -4 52 -7 -2 -20),
we want to compute the sum of all the numbers in S making use of a robot of limited capacity. The only operation this robot can do is to consider two numbers A and B which occurr consecutively and replace them with one single number equal to their sum A+B. This operation shortens the sequence by one element but does not change the total sum of the integers within the sequence.
However, in order to perform this operation, the energy power absorbed by the robot is given by the absolute value of the intermidiate sum A+B, that is, a non-negative value equal to the natural obtained by dropping the sign from the integer newly introduced within the sequence.
To calculate the sum of the N numbers in S are therefore necessary N-1 intermediate sums. While providing enough energy to perform the N-1 intermediate sums in this calculation, the robot has
problems with energy peaks. In other words, we want the maximum energy consumption for an intermediate sum (the peak power) to be minimized.
In the above case an optimal solution is given by:
11 -4 52 -7 -2 -20
11 -4 52 -7 -22
11 -4 52 -29
11 -4 23
7 23
30
Here, the obtained intermediate values ​​are -22, -29, 23, 7, 30 and the energy peak is 30, being the
maximum among |-22|, |-29|, |23|, |7| and |30|.
This is best possibile since the total sum value is 30 and it is by necessity the last intermidiate sum to be computed.
Write a program that computes the minimum energy peak for a given sequence of integers. Study the examples given more below.


Input file
The program must read a file called input.txt.
The file has two lines. The first line comprises a whole number N,
the length of the input sequence. The second line contains the integer numbers comprising the sequence, in their order of occurrence within the sequence.

Output file
The program must write a file named output.txt.
The file has just one line comprising one single natural number:
the energetic peak of the robot according to a policy minimizing the value of this peack.
